[trembling and nervous breaths]
[grunt]
A-A-A... A-a-a... A kissing
scene...?!
This is it! [gasp]
Ooops! Uh...
[straining]
[sigh] I'm trying to get
married, here!
So that was completely
inappropriate just now!
[sigh]
[giggles]
[chattering]
Oh, Sarada!
Huh...? Wow!
Cho-Cho, you look like a real
superstar.
You see, when you're a true lady
like I am, you look stunning in
anything.
[chuckle] Are you doing okay?
You didn't forget that we're on
a mission, did you?
[chuckle] No, of course not.
I heard you're supposed to have
a kissing scene with that Tomaru
guy!
He asked, so I couldn't very
well say no. Oh, well!
I guess that's just what I get
for being too perfect.
That is so like you! Okay, I'm
rooting for you!
[chuckle and pressing lips
together]
Alright! Time to bring on that
scene! I'm about to give Tomaru
the perfect kiss! [grunt]
[chattering]
[nervous groans]
You think that Cho-Cho might be
just a little bit nervous?
Looks like she shed all of her
confidence along with all
that weight.
Why am I feeling so nervous
about this?!
Just relax!
Huh?!
It'll be fine! All you have to
do is just be yourself, Cho-Cho.
Sparkle.
Oh, Tomaru... you're so kind to
me!
[kissing moans]
[groan]
Hey, makeup! Could you tone down
the gloss on her lips?
[annoyed grunt]
[groaning]
Is something wrong?
No, no... It's just that this
scene doesn't really fit in with
the rest of the show.
Ugh, Tomaru always likes to jam
in a kissing scene. You know how
he is...
Come on! Aren't you guys ready
yet? I'm all set to roll here,
so let's get on with it!
Okay, we're rolling!
And... action!
Look... I'll never let you go!
Okay!
Oh, no!
My heart's gonna explode!
They're sure not making it look
like true love, are they?
[gasps]
Ughhh! Idiot!
Ugh! Cut!
Huh?!
[chattering]
Aw, come on! Everything was
going so nicely!
You're absolutely right. Yep.
Okay, that confirms exactly what
I was thinking.
Right! We're just gonna cut this
scene out!
Huh?!
You okay with that, Tomaru?
Well, if you say so! You're the
director!
I guess that's that, then! I'm
sorry. But in exchange, I'd like
to add another scene, okay?
Uh... Eh... Uh?!
Huh? What's up?
Do you have any idea what
you've done to me just now?!
Wow, the guy that attacked
earlier sure did leave an
enormous hole in the wall...
But despite his flashy entrance,
he didn't lay a single scratch
on either one of the stars.
Hmmm... I feel like this whole
situation is too much to just be
an attempt at simple harassment.
So what's he after?
I'll contact the village to see
if they have any leads, but
right now, we have nothing.
If that's the case, our best
move would be to track him and
find his route of infiltration.
Well, this hole is certainly the
shortest route to get back
outside...
Which means regardless, the
culprit is pretty cunning...
It may be that this mission's
becoming something more than the
genin can handle...
[chattering]
Cho-Cho, I have to say that when
you're around, I feel so safe!
Uh, it's no big deal, it's
just... that's the mission, you
know?
We don't know if that guy is
gonna attack again. So maybe you
should postpone the filming.
I won't let some ridiculous
annoyance interrupt our work.
I'm going to make this...
...the best production that ever
was.
(DIRECTOR) Roll cameras! Action!
You told me that our love will
shine brightly for ever and
ever...
Are you telling me those
words were just a lie?!
No, of course not! Even at this
moment, my love is burning
bright deep in my heart.
[seething]
Seeing the two of them together
makes you forget that this is
just a show!
And cut!
You know, I think you should
deliver those lines a little
more slowly.
[gasp]
Uh? Cho-Cho?
Hey, are you listening? I'm
talking to you.
Huh? What's that?
I was talking about the lines in
this scene...
Don't worry about it.
Honestly I doubt the viewers
would be able to tell the
difference anyway.
You know what? Just listen...
Don't take this production so
lightly, alright?
Okay! Take number two is up!
You told me that our love will
shine brightly for ever and
ever...
Are you telling me those
words were just a lie?!
(FEMALE STAFF) Take five,
everyone!
I have to say, you were perfect
again today, Tomaru!
Oh, thanks. But in this case, I
think that I'd better let Ashina
take all of the credit...
...so that way, she can take her
final bow.
Wait, does that mean this is
your last episode?
Go on. tell them. They ought to
know that you're leaving the
show, right?
What?!
Thanks for all your hard work.
You can leave the show to me.
[groans]
Thank you for everything. I
believe that it's a good time
for me to move on.
This is a chance for me to step
up.
Something's going on here. I'm
getting a weird vibe...
Yeah... I mean, I know that
Ashina can be difficult
sometimes...
But I guess she can be
heartfelt too...
[chuckling and chewing]
Oh, it all looks so delicious...
It's just too cruel...
Aren't you gonna eat, Cho-Cho?
My stomach is craving food right
now...
...but my heart is so full that
I couldn't possibly eat!
Is this about Tomaru or
something-?
He's got nothing to do with it!
Aw, man, how long is she gonna
keep this whole thing up? It's
such a drag!
She has a thing for Tomaru and
actually thinks she's hiding it,
right?
If you're not gonna eat it, I
will.
Uh!
Oh, no... my hand just moved on
its own! [biting] Mmmm!
Wow, that looks good!
Mmm!
Mm!
You sure get flustered, don't
you?
Mm!
[nervous chuckles]
Eww...
So pretentious...
Hey, this really is good! Maybe
I ought to have one, too!
Oh, uh... what's the matter?
Sparkle.
Uhhh... [swooning]
Oh! Hey... You doing alright?
Maybe you should mind your own
business.
What is going on with her now?!
Don't you think humans are
interesting?
Check it out!
They're the same footprints.
There's no mistake at all. This
has to be the route that he took
when he escaped earlier.
We're right. He pinpointed the
least guarded section of the
studio lot for his attack.
And that would mean that he
planned this attack of his
really carefully.
Or else that...
...someone informed him in
advance about the security
positions.
An insider... This is becoming
increasingly troublesome the
more that we learn...
[cheers and squeals]
[chuckle]
[gasps]
[cheers and squeals]
So this is what it feels like to
be a star, huh?
Go, Cho-Cho! Get Tomaru out of
here and leave the rest of this
for us to handle!
Got it!
Uh?!
[cheers and squeals]
I'm sorry you have to put up
with all this because of me.
Yeah, it's really a bother.
Ugh! Why can't I be more honest
about my feelings?!
(FAN) Over there!
Tomaru! Where'd you go?!
Hide!
Oh...
[giggles and squeals] Tomaru!
Where'd you go?!
[relived sigh] I'm pretty sure
we managed to lose them...
Oh, yeah?
[nervous breath] He's so close!
Let's hide in here a little bit
longer, just in case.
But, uh...
(TOMARU) You're my bodyguard,
right, Cho-Cho?
Which means... you'll always
stay close to me, right?
I'll always...
...stay close?
[nervous breath]
There you are! You can come out
now. All the fans are gone.
[sigh]
That was a close one! [chuckle]
What's the matter?
Nothing at all. Don't worry
about it. Really.
Cho-Cho?!
[chattering]
Are you okay, Cho-Cho?
Yeah. Why?
Cause you're not concentrating!
Is all of this because of that
Tomaru guy?
No, that's just ridiculous.
No, it's not! Not even a bit!
Listen, we are smack dab in the
middle of a mission right now.
So we can't afford even a single
slip up!
Then I guess that we'd better
stop talking now! After all...
I can't very well afford to
leave Tomaru alone if he's still
in danger.
Well, yeah, but that's--!
-all part of my mission. Yeah,
you're right.
(TOMARU) Cho-Cho.
Hey, can you bring me that ring
that I gave you?
Yeah! See ya, Sarada!
Uh... [sigh]
(TOMARU) It's just as I thought.
You look beautiful in that
dress!
Now, I was hoping that you'd be
willing to practice the final
scene with me.
Sure, but... this outfit is so
beautiful...
It simply dawned on me... I knew
that dress would fit you just
perfectly.
[nervous breaths]
So this is what's gonna become
of us...
Uh... Oh, okay...
We can't see into someones
heart. But like I asked you
before...
how can I confirm that your
feelings are actually real?
I-I want to get closer to you...
...and I want to confirm
everything... Huh!
...with your eyes... and your
lips...
And your lips...
I'm begging you! Please, marry
me!
Yes!
Hm? Hold on, that isn't the line
in the script...
Yes!
Alright, well...
[giggle]
At the end, we're supposed to
share a kiss after we gaze deep
into each other's eyes.
Well, then...?
Do you want to?
[nervous breath] Just- Just stay
calm! And then... after we
kiss...
the next thing will be
to plan our honeymoon...
Are you in there? Ashina told me
to come over here and get her
dress...
Why are you wearing that?
[angered breath and grunt] Why
you-!
You really are quite dangerous.
In many ways...
This was my... It was my--!
Ahhh!
[gasp]
Ugh! Hey, what is going on out
here?
Huh?! What do you think you're
doing?! That's my dress!
[grunting]
Just what is going on here?!
Ashina, I'll explain it inside
your dressing room, kay?
Explain?
Just c'mon.
Cho-Cho, remember our mission
is to protect both Tomaru and
Ashina.
You can't do things on your own.
Huh?! You barged in at what
could have been the best
moment of my life...
You cheap, pathetic little
nobody!
So, are you gonna stop
interfering now?
None of this really has anything
to do with you at all!
Well, if it doesn't have
anything to do with me...
then please don't go walking off
with my dress.
[exasperated sigh]
You know, unlike the character
that you play on the show...
you don't possess even a single
shred of kindness.
But that girl... is completely
different. She's nice even on
the inside.
Well, now that's unusual!
And here I thought you were so
simple-minded that you weren't
able to see any further than...
a girl's looks.
Unlike your character on the
show...
Oh, come on! You've got me all
wrong!
Oh, please!
You give all the pretty girls
autographs right away but make
everyone else wait...
and then you blow them off with
a little wave.
And tell them, "later!"
[chuckle] You don't get it.
Oh?
I totally take into account how
people are on the inside.
Hm. Sure you do...
That girl... She's
head-over-heels in love with me
but desperately hides it.
And that's what makes her so
cute. I'm just going along with
it and playing with her.
[grunts and growls]
Hey, stop it Chubs!
Just come on... I mean, now...
You're like, um...
[heavy breathing]
He means you're not being
yourself now.
Huh?!
All of us are supposed to be on
a mission.
So why are you attacking me,
then? Your actions just don't
make sense.
Your babbling's irritating!
[growling]
Come on, stop! Honestly,
behaving this way isn't like you
at all Cho-Cho!
[grunt] Enough! Cut it out!
[straining]
What's the deal with all of
you?! Are you trying to ruin my
wedding, is that it?!
Anyway... in the show, the
characters you and I play are
about to get married...
Look, we're gonna begin filming
soon...
...so don't you dare lose the
ring, you understand me?
Oh, yeah... Right, the ring...
What's wrong?
Don't worry. I'll make sure to
bring it.
In the end, it's just a prop,
right?
[grunt]
In any event, before filming
starts...
I have to go get my dress back
from that shinobi girl!
[straining]
[grunt] Hey, Cho-Cho! Just calm
down!
[chuckle] There are walls
standing in the way of love.
But the power of my love will
shatter all of the barriers in
its way!
Breaking walls is the power you
have with your jutsu, the
Partial Expansion Jutsu...
Just snap out of it, would ya?!
Why you-! [straining] Ahhh!
[straining]
Oh, no! Not the dress!
Ehhhh...
(CHO-CHO) [straining]
Cho-Cho!
It's like she just molted...
Idiot! That's Ashina's dress!
Cho-Cho!
[weary breath] Oh... Oh, no...
(SHINA) Hey...
Eh!
(ASHINA) What's the meaning of
this?!
Ohhh. Whoa, talk about bad
timing...
What'd you do to my dress?!
I-I'm so sorry! [cringing]
Quiet!
That shinobi girl! Where'd she
run off to?!
Huh...?
Aw, man! What a drag! How do we
explain this situation?
Huh? What's going on? Is Ashina
making a scene yet again?
Uhhh...
Can I ask you a question?
[nervous groans]
[nervous groan]
I asked Cho-Cho to hold onto
that prop ring for me.
Can you tell me where she's
gone?
Huh? [groan]
This is really quite strange...
I could've sworn that I just
heard her voice.
What are you going to do to fix
this?!
When will it be enough? How much
more are you gonna do to ruin my
scenes?
What do you mean? It's just a
costume. Never mind about that;
where's Cho-Cho?
Oh, well, you see, here's the
deal...
Hm?
Oh, great. Thanks so much!
Are you one of the bodyguards
too?
Huh?!
Oh. Sorry. You're a fan, huh?
I'll give you an autograph
later on. I have an important
scene to do right now.
Uh...
It isn't that...
Hm?
Well, it's okay. So, could I
have that now, please?
I hope you'll keep on supporting
me and-! Uh?
Hey, what's the matter?
Look, I'm very busy, here.
[sigh]
[sigh] Well, about that...
That ring's something you'll
probably never get to wear your
whole life.
[gasp]
I'll be blunt...
Honestly, big girls like you
aren't really my type.
[quivered breath]
[grunt]
Hey, listen here, buddy- Uh?!
But why not?!
Damn it, what's your deal?
Hold on! Just wait a minute!
How are you gonna fix this,
huh?!
Why waste time on that guy?!
Because that's our mission...
We're supposed to protect him
remember?
[sigh] Oh, Cho-Cho...
[sigh] We're sorry! We didn't
mean to cause any trouble for
you or for the production.
Too bad being sorry doesn't cut
it.
This may be all fun and games to
you, but to me, this is a very
important production.
Again, I'm so sorry...
I see... You're okay with that?
Alright, fine by me.
(SARADA) So who is that shinobi
in the gas mask?
(SHIKADAI) Hey, Cho-Cho, how
long are you gonna stay in
that form, anyway?
If we mess up like last time,
it's gonna make our mission more
difficult!
(CHO-CHO) I'm telling you, I
don't dwell on the past!
(SARADA) Now, now. Why don't
you have some potato chips to
help you calm down?
(CHO-CHO) I'm in no mood to eat
those now!
(SARADA) Next time on Boruto
Naruto Next Generations:
"Super Cho-Cho Love Upheaval!"
(CHO-CHO) Ugh! Where did my love
go?!